Cosmos: Add a `native-tls` feature to allow configuring `native-tls` AND still getting relevant config APIs (#4252)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust: samples/cosmos_read_item_native_tls/README.md

# Read a Cosmos DB item with native-tls

This sample reads a single item from an Azure Cosmos DB container using
[reqwest] with [native-tls], which uses `schannel` on Windows and `openssl`

> everywhere else. Azure SDK crates enable `aws-lc-rs` by default, so this sample
> disables default features on Azure SDK crates and enables reqwest's `native-tls`
> feature instead.

Reviewer: This still sounds like a, "we don't agree with the default, so here's something else instead." In whole it seems fine, but maybe something like:

```suggestion
everywhere else. Azure SDK crates enable `aws-lc-rs` by default.
If you want to use platform-native TLS providers, this sample shows how to
disable default features on Azure SDK crates and enable reqwest's `native-tls`
feature instead.
```

Author: I just copied it from the other samples :). Happy to change it

# Read a Cosmos DB item with native-tls

This sample reads a single item from an Azure Cosmos DB container using
the platform's [native TLS][native-tls] stack instead of the default [rustls]
backend. Azure SDK crates enable `rustls` by default, so this sample disables
default features on `azure_data_cosmos` and enables the `native_tls` feature

> instead.

Reviewer: Maybe explain *why*. I worry - as before when Storage first wanted `aws-lc-rs` to be the default - this sends a bad messages like, "We think you should use something else than the other Azure SDKs." It's bad PR.
